## From William Lane

Notes (not associated w/ row)	
	
	
Here is a glossary of my uses of the LGSPEC tags:	
----------	
LGSPEC01 - Adverbial prefixes.	
EG "yiwernhburrbun" - "you understood it properly"	
	
LGSPEC02 - Quantifying prefixes	
EG "ngunedjaldi" -  "Only you (two) stood/remained"	
	
LGSPEC03 - Body part incorporated nominals	
EG "kankangemarnbom" - "you heal our hearts"	
	
LGSPEC04 -General incorporated nominals	
EG "birriwokmunkewerrinj" -  "they sent word to each other"	
	
LGSPEC05 - Immediacy prefix	
EG "kahdolkkan" - "he immediately stood up"	
	
LGSPEC06 - Persistant action	
EG "nganedjarrkdukkayindi" - "we (two, excl) together are continually bound )	
	
LGSPEC07 - Adjective prefix	
EG "kankangemurrngrayekwong" - "you make our hearts strong" 	
	
LGSPEC08 - Aspect and sequence prefixes	
EG "ngurriyingkihbolkmarnbu" - "you (all) make this place straightaway"	
	
------------	
Notes on my usage of other tags	
------------	
	
REFL/RECP - This is a tag composed of the UniMorph tags for reflexivity (REFL) and reciprocity (RECP). In Kunwinjku, either concept is expressed with the same morphology. Am I allowed to smash UniMorph tags together like this? Probably not, eh? In which case, how do I express that Kunwinjku morphology doesn't distinguish between the two?	
	
BEN - UniMorph "BEN" represents benefactive noun case. Here, I have hijacked it to mean the benefactive applicative; a type of valence-altering morphology. Benefactive as an applicative does occur in other Austronesian languages, and apparently in Bantu languages as well. This wikipedia article cites some useful references: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Applicative_voice	
	
COM - Similar to "BEN", I have hijacked this comitative case-marking tag to annotate comitative valence-altering morphology.The same wiki link posted above mentions the comitative as another common applicative.	
	
	
	
ARGAC  - In almost every annotated verb form, I have used ARGAC to mark the possible 2nd argument of the verb. For example, "bakkeng" - "he broke it":	
	bakke
Variations of the ARGAC tag correspond with items in the set of possible pronominals in the languages:	
ARGAC3DU - 3rd person dual object of the verb	
ARGAC3SGHUM - 3rd person singular human object of the verb	
ARGAC1PL - 1st person plural object of the verb	
ARGAC2 - 2nd person (underspecified for number) object of the verb	
	
REDUP - I invented this tag to indicate reduplicative morphology; it does not exist in UniMorph?	
